Marriage:
    On October 5, the first 'blockchain marriage' was held at Disney World's
    Bitcoin Conference in Orlando, Florida. The event was submitted to the online
    public registry, the blockchain, where the two lovers recorded their wedding
    agreement without involvement of neither governmental, nor religious
    representations.

Lottery:
    ● All the winnings are paid out in cryptocurrencies, and the same goes for buying tickets.
    
    ● Which means that you don’t have to travel anywhere, but can rather participate from the comfort of your
    own home. The fact that Kibo is operating

    ● Not having to pay taxes!

Smart Alarm DApp:
    ● Betternot.rest, a smart alarm clock DApp, powered by Syscoin’s smart
    contracts platform, challenges you to improve your wake-up routine
    and earn some money in the process.

Online Music - dotBC Concentric Architecture:
    ● It aims to develop a new standard for music content, called .bc – think
    of it as an alternative to .mp3 or .wav
    
    ● .bc will contain not only the music itself, but also a host of information
    connected to it: rightsholder details, terms of use, licensing restrictions
    
    ● licensees and streaming platforms all transact on a blockchain paying the correct royalties

Gun Tracking

Autonomous Decentralized Peer-to-Peer Telemetry
    ● IBM and Samsung have been working on a concept known as ADEPT
    
    ● Blockchain would serve as a public ledger for a massive amount of devices, which would no longer
    need a central hub to mediate communication between them

Drug Traceability 
    ● To insure the authenticity and traceability of the drugs, the companies that register a product
    on the blockchain have to be trustworthy. Hence, only private blockchains controlled by a central
    entity are logical to make sure that fake drugs are not registered.

    ● The pharmaceutical companies decide which actors of the supply
    chain act as miners. It could be manufacturers, distributors or retailers

Decentralised Government Project
    ● Bitnation, an ambitious project for the decentralisation of governance using blockchain technology, is
    offering victims of the current refugee crisis an emergency digital ID and a bitcoin visa card to receive
    funds from family in the absence of a bank account.

Tracking Blood Diamonds
    ● To clean up the trade in conflict-zone diamonds, is exploring
    how blockchain could help trace the provenance of diamonds.
    
    ● Each gem is scanned to glean forty unique points that are condensed
    into what is called "the diamond’s digital thumbprint"

VeChain: Fashion on the Blockchain
    ● A person’s phone communicates with the small VeChain chip
    embedded inside the clothing or accessory, which then tells its “story” to the consumer.
    
    ● The chip holds a unique public and private key pair. The public key is
    also stored in the blockchain and can be verified by the VeChain app